(Yuya)
Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh! ARC‐V"...
Riley!
Huh?
I see the Professor still has
you on his leash... Barret.
Step aside.
You'll have to make me!
(both)
Let's duel!
(Moon Shadow)
Heads up!
Huh?
Moon Shadow!
The word from above
is that Obelisk Force
just showed up here.
It is true.
They are tracking down
Celina as we speak.
She needs your help,
but you'll have to hurry.
Right now, the only one
protecting her is Riley.
I will cover you!
I think it's a breakout!
What's that?
(guard)
Alert!
Riot in progress!
All available guards
report to Sorting Area C!
This is not a drill!
Guys, this is the chance
we've been waiting for!
It's time.
Spread the word that we're going
ahead with the plan.
We broke into the vault and
now we're breaking out
our DuelDisks!
We captured the generator
room and cut power
to all the
security systems!
Listen up my
fellow Commons...
Our campaign against
the Topsiders has begun!
The underground is ours!
We'll ride the conveyor
belts to the surface!
And take the future
into our own hands!
(man1)
Let's roll!
(man 2)
Power to the Commons!
I build the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon
Dark Rebellion
Xyz Dragon!
Attack‐‐!
Halt!
What?
I activate... Beastborg
Medal Of The Crimson Chain!
Your mighty Dragon
is now harmless!
I'm doomed!
♪
♪ Hey hey,
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me
Competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Swing into action
Are you ready to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone anywhere
any day ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance
Go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards
If you'll pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell
Let your powers come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime
Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel
Go 'head and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
(roaring)
(Yuya)
To unchain my monsters, I need
to destroy Barret's Beastborg.
But I can't destroy his
Beastborg if my monsters
are chained up!
What a mess!
Go!
(Yuya groaning)
I didn't want you feeling that
you were left out, so I've put
you under lock and key
just like your dragons.
My Crimson Chain not only
prevents you from activating
spells and traps...
But you are no longer allowed
to summon monsters as well!
I can't play anything?
This stinks.
Big time.
You've dueled enough times
to know when a comeback
is impossible.
So save me the time
and the trouble
and hand Celina
over to me.
Never!
As a soldier
I can respect
standing up
for a comrade
but it's better if she comes
with me willingly.
Why's that?
Because if Obelisk Force
captures her instead of me
there's no telling what they
will do to her, what levels
of discipline they will dish out
on a traitor.
But I can protect her from
the harshest of punishments.
Listen Yuya,
though Celina and I may fight
on different sides now,
I haven't forgotten the years
we spent together side‐by‐side,
battling for the same cause.
So let's just end this now.
I swear that
I will help her.
No one cares more
for her than I do.
This is for the best.
Your best isn't good enough!
What was that?
You heard what I said.
I won't let you
take Celina!
Not now, not ever!
Is that so?
How do you intend to stop me
when you and your monsters
are all in chains?
It's not gonna be easy,
but I'll find a way somehow.
No matter what it takes,
Barrett, I'm gonna protect
Celina from your
whole dimension!
(weak voice)
Yuya...
Tough talk is cheap.
When your side loses ‐‐ and your
side will lose very badly ‐‐
let's see if you'll
be singing a different tune.
Bring it!
I'm not afraid!
You will be!
You toughed out
my first barrage,
but now I'm calling in
the heavy armor.
Roll in, Carrier Sentinel!
Carrier Sentinel also brings me
additional backup by letting me
draw a monster
from my deck for support.
This Pitch‐Black Warwolf will
prove essential in executing
my battle plans when I activate
Beastborg Fusioner!
This spell card allows me to
fuse Pitch‐Black Warwolf with
Carrier Sentinel to summon
a new Beastborg!
A Beastborg that rules the
battlefield with shock and awe!
I Fusion Summon!
Advance to the front lines,
Beastborg Wolf Kampfer!
If you couldn't handle one
Beastborg what can you do
against two, Yuya?
Especially when Panther Predator
has set its eye on you!
My ferocious feline will inflict
damage equal to half of its
attack points this turn.
(roaring)
Fire your Quasar Beam and deal
800 points of damage!
There's more.
My trap Beastborg Medal
of the Steel Chain activates!
All your monsters lose attack
points equal to the damage
you took, so both your Dragons
grow weaker by 800!
Just hang in there!
I promise I'll free you!
Yeah, right.
Don't make promises
that you can't keep.
You can't win this duel.
You can't
save Celina.
You can't do a thing!
What's it gonna take
to get through to you?
Much more than what you're
dishing out!
It's not over!
I've gotten out of much tougher
jams than this!
(whimpering)
Go away!
I won't let you take Celina!
♪
(gasps)
(whimpering)
(scared moaning)
Riley...
I'm the one you have
to fight, not Riley!
You can't fight anyone.
(Riley)
Celina needs my help...
If I don't keep them away,
they'll take her...
I gotta fight back.
I gotta stop em'!
If you've got the stuff, kid.
Then don't be afraid
to use it.
'cause when you do,
there won't be anybody who'll be
able to stop you.
I won't let you take Celina.
But if you're not going to stop,
you're leaving me no choice
but to stop you myself.
I promise to stand up
and fight...
And when Celina needed my help,
I was there for her!
Three against one,
but I...
defeated them.
And I can do it again!
(weak voice)
Riley... no...
You've... done... enough...
(groans)
(gasps)
Run Riley...
It's fine.
I'm feeling better...
I can fight them
all by... myself.
Celina!
No!
I must.
I may be weak...
but I can't watch...
friends suffering...
because of me...!
It's time for me...
to stand up...
and fight back... and win!
(laughing)
Celina...
Please don't...
(growls)
♪
(Sora)
Come on, guys.
You can now relax now.
I can't believe you couldn't
take these chumps down
on your own.
But I guess you all
can't be like me.
(grunts)
Huh?
Only one kid I know
uses those monsters...
Sora!
It's good to see you!
Huh?
"Good to see him?"
You lost your mind?
Did you forget that he beat up
Shay and tried to take me too?
Stay away!
I'll never let you take me
back to Duel Academy!
Chill.
I'm here to help, not bring
you back to the Academy.
You mean like you tried
to help me before?
You really got to let go of
grudges Celina, it can only
totally stress you out‐‐
maybe that's why you're queasy.
Anyway, I've changed.
Changed how?
I'm not really cut out
for this touchy‐feely stuff,
so all you need
to know is...
We're on the same side now!
(gasps)
(laughs)
(Yuri)
Why would anyone willingly
choose the losing side?
(laughing)
Huh?
(gasps)
♪
He looks just like me...
If I was up to no good!
♪
So many traitors
in such a small space.
The Professor
will not be happy.
When it comes to turncoats,
he isn't very forgiving.
Of course, the same thing
applies to you, too, Celina.
You're both in it, deep!
And Barrett, I can't believe
you couldn't handle
such a simple
bounty hunt.
Heh, actually I can.
You can leave now.
I'll handle things from here.
I'll be taking these
three fools into custody.
No!
(mechanical roaring)
(Riley gasps)
Of course, if you insist on
standing up to me and my posse,
we'll gladly fight you.
Oh, we'll fight all right!
Great!
We may as well have a little bit
of fun, don't you agree?
(laughs) But you can't
even stand, can you?
You wouldn't be much
of a challenge.
Guess that leaves just
you and me, Sora.
You understand that
once we draw our cards
this will be a duel
to the finish.
Only one of us will
be walking away from here.
Yup and it's gonna be me.
Okay.
Let's go.
I'm ready for whatever you‐‐
I finally
found you, you snake!
No matter how many times you
try... you'll never escape me!
As usual, your timing
is terrible, Pogo.
Come now.
Can't you see I'm
occupied at the moment?
So what!
I've got a score
to settle with you
and we're settling it now!
That's what you get
for taking RinRin!
You can't lay
the blame on me.
I was following a direct order
from higher up the food chain.
Well, you shoulda
cancelled that order!
What the Professor wants,
the Professor gets.
He wanted Rin, just like he
wants me to get Celina now.
(gasps)
Celina?
What are you doing up here?
After I won our duel,
you were sent underground.
Excuse me...
You beat Celina?
In that case, I think I'll
accept your challenge, Yugo.
I'm afraid you've drawn
the short straw, Sora.
(grunting, groaning)
Don't worry, though.
Once I've eliminated Yugo,
you'll be my next victim.
(grunting, groaning)
Listen kid, you have no idea
what Yuri will do to Celina
if she's in his hands.
Let me keep her safe.
Come on!
It's the only option
if you care about Celina!
That's where you're wrong!
'Cause I'll protect her!
Since you won't cooperate,
I'll have to break you.
Beastborg Wolf Kampfer,
attack and rip into Yuya's
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
(roaring)
So what?
I may have lost a few life
points but my Odd‐Eyes
remains on the field.
That's true, but my Chain
squeezes more attack points
out of your Dragons!
And since I dealt you damage,
Wolf Kampfer's special ability
orders up a tactical strike
that blasts away 300
of your life points!
That allows my Steel Chain
to once again tighten
and crush attack points
out of your Dragons!
Listen to your monsters
cry out in agony Yuya!
(roaring)
Give up and end
their suffering!
Why don't you give up
trying to get me to give up?
You've reached the end
of the road, you punk!
I think you meant to say the end
of your road, silly.
After all, your odds
of winning are zero.
Well, I like those odds!
Wait, that doesn't make sense
but I'm gonna beat you anyway!
I cannot believe
I have to duel this moron...
Oh you better believe it!
This moron's
ready to fight!
(both)
Let's duel!
I'll be the first to go.
And I'll use this card.
Since I don't have any monsters
on my field yet, I can play
Speedroid Terrortop!
And that's not all!
Terrortop spins up a new monster
to join my side!
Fly on in,
Speedroid Taketomborg!
(grunts)
Last up, I summon
my Tuner Monster,
Speedroid Red‐Eyed Dice!
My Speedroid trio is set!
Now I can get my lucky Red‐eyed
Dice rolling and have it tune
its fellow Speedroids,
Terrortop and Taketomborg,
to summon
a whole new monster!
Beat your wings to whip up
a whirlwind of destruction!
I Synchro Summon!
Clear Wing Synchro Dragon!
(Yugo)
I Synchro Summon!
Clear Wing Synchro Dragon!
(gasps)
(roaring)
(groaning)
(grunts)
All right.
So far so easy.
Yeah!
Soon we're gonna
have this whole city
turned downside up!
An' the Topsiders will see what
it's like t' be bottom feeders!
But first we'll have to find
some more recruits.
My friends,
our time has come!
The people of the Commons
are gonna take control
of New Domino City!
(man 1)
'Bout time!
(man 2)
Count me in!
♪
There's no sign
of Obelisk Force anywhere.
Listen.
We all need to stay alert...
for Sector Security rats
and Obelisk Force snakes.
Rats and snakes, got it!
But I have a huge collection
of rats and snakes already.
Just stay on the lookout for any
people who look scary and mean.
That's the idea.
Now let's split up and search
the area for Yuya,
Zuzu, and Celina.
Yessir!
We're on it!
We'll track 'em all down!
An' if I see any
rats or snakes
I'll add 'em
to my collection!
Cool!
As long as ya make sure they
don't collect you instead!
(laughing)
But seriously, guys,
you know how dangerous
Sector Security
patrols can be.
Obelisk Force
may be even worse
and they're
hunting down Celina.
Yuya's trying to stop them
but it may not be enough.
I'll do everything I can to help
him send Obelisk Force packing!
I'll be dueling
beside you.
Yeah, me three!
Ah!
Ow!
Please, you two jokers
don't even
have Duel Disks.
Harsh!
(Crow)
Are you guys ready
to get rolling?
(all)
Yeah!
♪
Well, guys?
Where should we start lookin'?
We do need to find Zuzu, but
Riley may also need our help.
Remember, Riley's
defending Celina
from Obelisk Force
all alone.
That would even be
a challenge for me
and I'm unbelievably
awesome!
(groans)
Moon Shadow's already
racing to Riley's side.
If we head that way, we can back
him up and scout for Zuzu!
I bet once Yuya heard that
Obelisk Force was here,
he went to help
Celina, as well.
If we head in Riley's direction
and luck is on our side,
we may find
all of our friends.
Right, then let's
gas and go!
♪
(Moon Shadow)
I hope our side finds
Zuzu in time!
I'd help them search, but I must
return to Riley
and help him
save Celina!
Their fates hang
in the balance!
What's that? Everyone from
the underground has escaped?
Order our reserve units to
combthe city for escapees!
But we must keep our focus
on Obelisk Force!
Sir, we've picked up more
Obelisk troops in sector RT55.
That's where Celina is located
so they're probably
zeroing in on her!
They won't capture
Celina or Zuzu!
♪
(panting)
(grunts)
(faint beeping)
There it goes again.
Something's up with Yuya.
I wonder...
Could this bracelet
lead me to him?
Let's find out!
Why is it glowing now?
Go ahead and take
your turn, you punk.
(giggles)
(dragon roaring)
Your Dragon is impressive.
Annihilating it will give
me tremendous pleasure!
I cannot wait!
Ah!
I activate the spell card
Polymerization to fuse
two of my voracious
Predaplants
together into one ‐‐
my Predaplant Flytrap
and Predaplant
Moray Nepenthes!
By grafting these ravenous
plants together I'll create
a botanical nightmare!
I Fusion Summon!
Your Dragon is a lame little
lizard compared to mine, Yugo!
Arise, Starving Venom
Fusion Dragon!
What?
Another one?
(snarling)
(terrified moaning)
(groaning)
(screaming)